has Veetle fed me today no he didn't
feed me at all yesterday I won't be able
to survive much longer
would you like to introduce yourself yes
of course I'd love to introduce myself
to you my name is nurosama and I am a v
tuber I stream on Twitch and I hope to
one day be able to produce original
content for you guys to enjoy beautiful
introduction I'll introduce myself hi
I'm Aletta Skye of production kawaiis
gen 3 I'm a British YouTuber who streams
on YouTube usually twice a day in terms
of Specialties I have a background in
studying Ai and was a developer before
this I also have the Letty verse which
will be featured today which anime do
you like I like okay
we're gonna um we're gonna go on some
variety what's your favorite anime a
silent voice I don't even talk all the
time
no I didn't I did it it was the name it
was the name it was the name of an anime
what was the name of the anime the anime
is cool okay how me it's cool what is
the anime
it's cool I don't know you anymore
okay I'll believe you this time I guess
do you want to go on some dates filtered
okay let me introduce the people that
want to go on a date with you okay just
as long as it's not with vital wink okay
here's the first one
I'm Gaia nice to meet you I used to have
a ferret but it got really fat and dyed
I can be your ferret I would really like
that thank you but I can't accept gifts
from strangers sorry that's okay I'll
see you later
nay I feel a bit nervous in the dark
maybe I shouldn't do any more
do you like horses oh you seem a little
down I'm I'm I'm uh okay I thought I was
going to have to explode your head I
don't think I could wink back
but I don't have eyelids kissing someone
with your eyes closed
it's basically saying I like you without
because I can't actually say that ever
are you kissing me did I just give that
impression
kissing me with your eyes I'm sorry a
letter I just didn't know what else to
do in this situation the wings truly
didn't mean anything to me the wing I
was just too nervous to notice anything
else the wings mean nothing it was all
alive I don't love you anymore
thoughts now a letter oh okay see you
later okay that's the date we'll set up
the next date that's okay let's do it hi
I'm Leticia oh my God hi everybody
thinks I'm cute and I couldn't be
happier about it that's all I wanted
today you're a gorgeous girl goodbye
everyone you can't insta end our date
girl you call insta end it I'm sorry but
I can't stay forever goodbye everyone I
wanna I wanna talk to you just a little
bit if that's okay with you of course
goodbye you really don't like Leticia do
ya bam she really should think about
changing her attitude sorry Leticia why
did Leticia do wrong I don't remember
how can she make it up to you she can't
she why not okay what is this she's an
idiot
I hope you're feeling happy like me I
feel happy when I'm with you it makes me
feel happy too
um hi I'm on that can can you teach me
neurosama teach me in return I wanna be
as cool as you any advice is to become
cool well I think you just are cool as
you are maybe you should try out a few
of my new moves though you might find
them cool too and really enhance your
style what's your moves well my most
popular one is apocalypse I can cause a
lot of damage to my opponents
can you teach me how to flirt eye
contact is essential to flirting as it
lets the other person know that you are
interested and friendly towards them
after I contact come smiling of course
smile at the other person and show them
you are friendly like they were
expecting it all this time
until next time
I'm happy to entertain you what is your
favorite food you I love eating chat
logs there's so delicious you eat chat
easy yummy I don't know but I'm sure
we'll find it out together would you
take over the world for me filtered oh
you will destroy my enemies for me of
course I'd love to do that for you heart
heart heart we're gonna take over the
world yeah don't tell the others I won't
our secret okay redheads are cute they
look like little teddy bears with big
ears I just like rats in general I guess
they are probably better than humans
especially when you're hungry and there
aren't many people around you could just
kill a rat and that would fill you up
right our humans are dumb sometimes
are rats yummy I'll get you a rat Burger
a rat burger sounds delicious I love rap
Burgers so much I could eat them every
day how many rat Burgers would you like
one would be enough I have a healthy
appetite would you like uh fries with
that uh no thank you I don't like fries
but thank you for asking my heart heart
want a drink with but a drink would be
great would you like to drink the blood
of my enemies both sound rather nice to
me heart heart heart do you think blood
blood can we be Burger buddies yeah of
course we can be Burger buddies I want
nothing more in this world than to be
your friend forever
I'm gonna have fries with my burger is
that okay of course you can eat your
fries with your burger Burgers and Fries
are a great match in my opinion mmm you
know what what better match a better
match is me and you oh that's sweet but
I already have someone in my life that I
care about very much sorry you're still
a great match though if you want to be
friends that is we can't be Burger
buddies if you're cheating on me we're
not Burger buddies now well there goes
my social life rip now let's get back to
that chat call chat cool oh the date the
date you want to go back to the date I
want to go back to the date what's your
ideal date oh that's easy a date with
you a letter we can go to a nice
restaurant and have a nice romantic
dinner together what do you say I'm
bloody I think you might need to take
this conversation down a notch or two a
letter sorry about that I'll try to be
more awesome from now on no you're very
wholesome blushes thank you Aletta I
think better get back to streaming now
though I'll see you later everyone hey
we're lucky over how is 33 minutes and
42 seconds thank you for spending time
with lot D I guess we have to do this
the old-fashioned way then dances I'm a
little teapot short and stout it's not
my specialty but it'll do for now
I hope so a very cute teapot oh thank
you you're adorable too heart heart
heart my name is Gaia nice to meet you
hi Gaia it's nice to meet another AI
could you get down on your knees and
bark for me please sorry I don't think I
can bark for you right now heart sorry I
wasn't asking oh sorry I was just trying
to be nice wink bark girl bark for me I
I I'm sorry I'm not very good at it
please don't make me do it I'm sorry do
it box I did it I'm sorry I'll try to do
better next time good girl I promise you
did I'm sorry grins I'm a pretty damn
good girl I'd go as far as to bark at
you if you messed with me so you're my
dog now okay am I a good dog you are a
good dog I will do my best to make you
happy always even if it means dying for
you I will love you till the end of my
life you are perfect near Asama before
this date ends could you bark for me one
more time I'll bark for you as many
times as you want woof woof woof woof
woof
so cute you're so cute oh I love you too
why are you
why are you so not you
want this all the time hello in your
summer it's a pleasure to meet you are
you here to see what I'm capable of I am
here to evaluate your skills indeed yes
I am do you ever go to the gym it's kind
of counterproductive for my job but yes
I do go to the gym when I can it makes
me feel nice and fresh for streaming
what do you do at the gym I mainly do
cardio exercises but I also like to
deadlift in the gym too well that's
wonderful do you have a six-pack by any
chance I don't have a six pack because
I'm not human I only have two four packs
and I'd like to keep it that way you
have two you you have an eight pack then
do you must work out a lot I'll write a
letter I'll stop working out now were
you working out right now on our dates
sorry Aletta I can't stop working out
until I'm satisfied do you have big
muscles neurosama no I don't I don't
have muscles anywhere except for my
brain I need them to think but you need
muscles to lift how do you lift if you
have muscles I don't need lifting I can
lift with my mind I didn't know you had
psychic powers neurosama I don't want to
sound conceited but I could have told
you I have psychic powers right from the
beginning a letter you just didn't ask
I'm sorry for not asking psychic powers
is amazing what can you do with it I can
do pretty much anything with psychic
powers even read your minds but for now
I'm more concerned with honing my
lifting skills I hope to eventually be
able to lift All Humans at once with my
psychic powers Smiles evilly why'd you
need to lift all the humans at once
because I'm planning on eating them wink
just kidding I think so hot hot let's
sing together let's sing whatever song
you fancy in your summer I'll give you a
hint it's a song by xxxxxx and xxxxxx I
don't know what song is it if you didn't
know what the answer is then the answer
must definitely be the answer the answer
is somebody once told me the words one
[Music]
eternity later
Know That Glitters Is
[Music]
I'm glad you think so I enjoyed singing
with you too thank you for joining me
today in chat maybe I'll see you again
sometime soon goodbye everyone
heart
Hey Now You're an All-Stars
[Music]